Adding Further Info in README (#8)
xpirit-training/demo-features-legitify: README.md

# Demo of Legitify by Legit-Labs

Repository to demonstrate use of [Legit-Labs Legitify](https://github.com/legit-labs/legitify) for repository governance.

## Workflows

> Legitify provides a GitHub action that can be used. The action needs authentication through a [PAT](#pat). As this is not neccessarily best practice an approach using a [GitHub App](#github-app) is investigated as well. Please see below to get further details about the two methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Legitify provides a GitHub action that can be used. The action needs authentication through a [personal access token](#personal-access-token-pat). As this is not neccessarily best practice, an approach using a [GitHub App](#github-app) is investigated as well. Read the next section to get further details about the two methods.
```

> ### PAT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Personal Access Token (PAT)
```

> This is the main and working workflow to scan this repository according to Legitify's default policies. The execution is manual as this is a demo. In a productive setting this scan should be scheduled on a daily or weekly basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the main workflow to scan this repository manually according to Legitify's default policies. In a productive setting this scan should be scheduled on a daily or weekly basis.
```

> The workflow creates an issue on success or failure to notify about the results. The issues are created  from templates located at `.github/templates`. The templates contain placeholder that are replaced in the workflow run using [`jinja2`](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/3.0.x/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workflow creates an issue on success or failure to notify about the results. The issues are created from templates located at `.github/templates`. The templates contain placeholder that are replaced in the workflow run using [`jinja2`](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/3.0.x/).
```
